[Music]
okay your favorite shirt feels a bit
tight maybe you haven't been very active
or maybe you've had a few hardy late
night snacks recently whatever the
reason now you have to deal with extra
fat on your chest face it it's time to
hit the gym and try out these chest
exercises now there might be an
underlying reason for excess fat in the
chest area but I'll get into that later
so the easiest exercise that you can
perform at home is push-ups they target
not only your chest muscles or packs but
also triceps and shoulders and they'll
firm up your chest area
but there are many types of push-ups you
can choose the best ones depending on
your overall physical shape and
endurance or just alternate them for
each workout number one standard
push-ups get in a rigid plank position
on your toes with your arms fully
extended shoulders elbows and hands in
line bend your elbows breathing in and
lower your chest to just a bit below
your bent elbows breathe out push back
up to the initial position
that's one rep if you're a fitness
beginner do 3 sets of 10 to 15 reps and
work your way up to 20 to 25 reps we're
going to use the same number of sets and
reps for all types of push-ups too wide
hands push-ups all you have to do here
is pretty much the same as the standard
the only difference is the position of
your hands place your hands farther out
to each side wider than shoulder width
the bigger the distance between your
hands the more grueling and effective
this exercise will be choose a distance
that's comfortable for you and slowly
work your way out farther hey what was
the last time you did push-ups tell me
in the comments below three arrow
push-ups this type especially enhances
the pecs to perform it get in a standard
push-up position and tuck your elbows in
about 45 degrees if you get your body
into an arrow
now continue by doing standard push-ups
for clap push-ups from the push-up
position start lowering your chest after
your chest gets slightly below your Bend
elbows push upward with enough force for
your hands to leave the floor and clap
them below your chest
after the clap land softly good luck
with that
bending your elbows and going straight
into another one after practicing this
type for some time you can try to use a
more difficult variation this time
you'll do the same exercise but clap
your hands behind your back don't forget
to warm up your shoulders before doing
it five chest tap push-ups this one
requires a good warm-up as well from a
standard push-up position lower your
body and then explode up in the air to
tap your chest placing your hands and in
X shape after that quickly put your
hands on the floor to lower down into
the next push-up if you're really want
to set your pecs on fire try to double
Pat your chest
[Music]
six staggered arm push-ups get down in a
standard push-up position but place one
hand higher than the other in a bit
wider than shoulder-width start lowering
your torso as close to the ground as you
can extend your arms to push upward and
reverse your hand position for the next
push-up don't forget to keep your body
straight with your head torso and hips
in line seven decline pushup
for this one you'll need a raised
surface like a bench medicine ball
sturdy box or if you're a first-timer a
curb or step will do the higher the
surface the more strenuous the exercise
will be now get in a standard push-up
position but place your feet on the
elevation you've chosen keep your elbows
at 45 degrees and continue just like
with regular push-ups
don't forget about keeping your back and
neck aligned the whole time
use your gluts and core to help your
spine stay straight the first three
types of push-ups are perfect for
beginners when you master all of them
you can start doing the rest but of
course push-ups aren't the only way to
rid yourself of chest fat here are some
other great gym exercises to speed up
fat loss and give you a toned upper body
dumbbell pullovers lay down your torso
on the bench with only your shoulders on
the surface your hips shouldn't touch
the bench and your legs should be bent
with your feet firmly on the ground now
grasp the dumbbell with both hands and
extend your arms fully over your chest
this is your initial position lower the
weight slowly in an arc behind your head
when you feel a stretch in your pecs
bring the dumbbell back to the initial
position do three to five sets of eight
to twelve reps
incline dumbbell press lie down on an
inclined bench set to 45 degrees hold a
dumbbell in each hand and place your
feet firmly on the ground
brace your core and lift both dumbbells
over your chest fully extending your
arms
your arm should be perpendicular to the
floor the weights should almost touch
each other at the top of the movement
then lower them back to the top of your
chest don't arch your back or your
wrist backwards while holding the
dumbbells during the exercise do three
to five sets of 10 reps incline barbell
bench press load the bar to an
appropriate weight before starting don't
try to lift the maximum you can the
first time you try this exercise less is
more so choose the weights that are
comfortable for you position yourself on
an inclined bench set to 45 degrees now
grab the bar with your palms facing away
from you and remove it from the rack
lift the weights above your chest with
extended arms and then lower them slowly
to chest level do three sets of ten to
fifteen reps chest fly lie down on the
ground and bend your knees keeping your
feet flat on the floor now take two
small dumbbells and lift them straight
over your chest then slightly bend your
elbows and open your arms wide out to
the side after that bring the dumbbells
back together at the top
squeezing your chest this exercise can
also be done on a weight bench which
will allow you to go down just another
inch or two for a greater challenge do
three to five sets of ten to fifteen
reps wall ball shots stand against the
wall at arm's length holding a medicine
ball in both hands push your hips back
bending your knees and squat as much as
you can from this position come back up
while throwing the medicine ball as high
as you can against the wall then catch
the ball as you lower for the next squat
do this exercise for sixty Seconds
decline cable fly yeah I'm not gonna do
that either no for this one you'll need
a high pulley machine place the pulleys
in the highest position and set the
desirable resistance standing in the
middle of the cable stand grab the
pulleys and set one foot in front of the
other with your knees slightly bent pull
your arms down at an angle to meet in
front of your body slightly bending your
elbows after that bring your arms back
to the initial position until your upper
arms are directly in line with the sides
of your body do 3 to 5 sets of 10 to 20
reps dips you'll need to dip bars for
this exercise make sure they're parallel
fixed and stable now bend your arms
lowering yourself and slightly leaning
your torso forward stop lowering when
your shoulders are below your elbows at
the bottom then lift your body back up
while doing this exercise make sure your
wrists and forearms are in line with the
bars to prevent any pain or injury and
while your body moves up and down keep
your forearms vertical do 2 to 3 sets of
10 to 15 reps
doing a workout that consists of all
these exercises plus any type of
push-ups three times a week will make a
noticeable difference however keep in
mind that you can't just get rid of the
fat in your chest without dropping fat
from the rest of your body so the blast
fat throughout your body faster and
boost your metabolism you should include
cardio training as well such as jumping
rope running at a moderate pace using a
stair stepper machine or an elliptical
trainer sometimes an enlarged chest on a
man has nothing to do with not being
active or for diet choices and what you
believe to be fat might turn out to be
an excessive amount of breast tissue
this could be a sign of a hormonal
imbalance when a man's body produces too
much estrogen so before starting the
workout make sure to visit a doc to rule
out any health conditions hey if you
learned something new today
then give this video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
on the left or the right and remember
stay on the bright side of life